---
id: 393
title: About (TC)
date: 2013-02-12T14:08:21+00:00
author: Tucker Combs
layout: post
guid: http://matterickson.me/?p=393
permalink: /about-tc/
sharing_disabled:
  - 1
switch_like_status:
  - 1
categories:
  - Authors
---
<div class="blocks">
  <div class="col300 block">
    <div class="blockWrap">
      <h2>
        Early Life:
      </h2>
    </div>
    
    <p>
      I grew up in <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_Bear_Lake,_Minnesota">White Bear Lake, MN</a> where I attended White Bear Lake Area High School. While there I played tennis all four years and I graduated in May, 2007.
    </p>
  </div>
  
  <div class="col300 block">
    <div class="blockWrap">
      <h2>
        CSS (College of St Scholastica):
      </h2>
    </div>
    
    <p>
      When it was time to go off and get an education, I headed for the frozen north and the <a href="http://css.edu/">College of St. Scholastica</a>. I had chosen CSS because I was looking for a small private school, they had given me generous scholarships, and I was recruited to play Division III tennis. I started as a pre-medicine student but after the classes lost their allure I was advised to try out marketing/advertising. Well I was hooked right away and I knew what I wanted to do. In the small amount of free time that school and tennis allowed me, I joined the CSS Computer Club, where I met Matt. I served under Matt as the club&#8217;s Minister of Propganda and helped Matt to radically change the club for the better.
    </p>
  </div>
  
  <div class="col300 block">
    <div class="blockWrap">
      <h2>
        The Real World
      </h2>
    </div>
    
    <p>
      After graduation, I had to face the music and start acting like a functioning adult. I began with an internship, at <a href="http://www.cortecvci.com">Cortec Corporation</a>, in my hometown which turned into a full-time job. I have continued to work there as a Marketing Assistant, writing print materials and planning trade show appearances.
    </p>
  </div>
  
  <div class="col300 block">
    <div class="blockWrap">
      <h2>
        For Fun:
      </h2>
    </div>
    
    <p>
      I love hanging out with my girlfriend, Jackie. We cook, go to concerts spend a lot of fun time with friends and family. I also love discovering new music and odd food, camping with the Boy Scout troop I&#8217;m involved with, and of course playing tennis.
    </p>
  </div>
</div>